Fixes in sphinx docs links (#16255)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/index.rst

      </div>
   </div>

> Or read the `advanced install guide <https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/stable/starter/installation.html>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or read the `advanced install guide <installation.rst>`_
```

Author: This raises a false positive error, I can do what you have suggested and include it in `linkcheck_ignore`.

Author: Resolved. Reset them and added them to `linkcheck_ingore`.
